tx 9d0366de73c2d77979f372f94c307d0b2832812bf82e9d87ad3d5ac4ed17d79f blk 355001 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 7354627643fc9c1432ef86b6140e58d99850a9382de5a6626a2a224b4921c96f blk 355004 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx fb81b1a53299fa04be45462a2968028bfd95ac02fa9d993927b2da129151fff9 blk 355006 txid 0
Mined by liugonggong

tx 007be7b93a46090254403f7a7a6a4029afe99660ca3026f3e3d89ffd7f87a6fc blk 355008 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UHM

tx f7915e753f73ccda9a020f9a02b74cdac31c977098ca9889325835f5d65fb113 blk 355014 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 52159222289cd0a5afe0644150d0e23d5d272a57365627d5e869fdb458289858 blk 355014 txid 231
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 5a2d8399465e7237d5a050b919006c78676e0295dd1b2ea1c960344064a86ad1 blk 355014 txid 233
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 34a407e5ebe82da3bb10e11d1621020406e683f58a64987daa897ec80dc268d8 blk 355014 txid 235
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 4de7965a6760d4627d4756e5d2a308a54fc585a7bccd0f43e9e14be7e64cd187 blk 355014 txid 237
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 1be72a9e26ba56719a88a99e3d8c9700cef9f4ca5ab33ba1768bbdf293577bf8 blk 355014 txid 239
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx bfa73435f17de83d47f3df514521b97cbaa22af8cf54969a809044c5f559f3df blk 355014 txid 241
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 0b53ba80dc9dbecfcd68c3748b3cbb274b185fb3098d9866b0406114c12e61b5 blk 355014 txid 243
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 3e784b2f8ce61eca961310bed6047daa3c66ef376b4f2ecbabc3034dd03193b1 blk 355014 txid 245
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 9cb74418fcc57745dfdb347eedfe928d60825b8625d3a218889a657835e270d8 blk 355014 txid 247
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 8aefe6504ce4beab9a36500fb6f8c41487c6719a0c9f7a177ac03844cca1c3de blk 355014 txid 249
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 87bd7726a9d71f59c9efac09c24c7d9845d94a7bed927ed2c30378b885e1e228 blk 355014 txid 251
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx dfce6a0a8ccec6d19a7ed2ad56096a9d826eda52cb41e128ed0eaa27c0f5465a blk 355014 txid 253
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 35fc08084cb87e621a4be8a39e5006f4ee32ed2d39cf003f31acbe43c4a56fef blk 355014 txid 255
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 639761f92b5247353104191184e994aabdd2db4ddc6c5fddcbc8c22f638a1f88 blk 355014 txid 257
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 1ab014862ddbdb53205908a7767763a1d563e394eebab147300cb38ef678427a blk 355014 txid 260
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 9b1f65355b9db836d5c975d11ca59f5a0b1925be1879251020be82ec4f4e4aff blk 355014 txid 262
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 0206b51428c0d4e0cb24dd7454f0cf900c460a2b66ca33dc295a56992b427a1b blk 355014 txid 265
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx f9f24b8517eb403995a15067786e27bc3b2fec1772514bf9452e7693e8ecff77 blk 355014 txid 267
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 02ba5af78a9fb78e72fd68faf3235b727a14a47f573aecb35d17440c06f1be36 blk 355014 txid 269
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 4d5345e64cbfe8fe8ff5144c10636ec0c45756ed753c8863ee68ab53a51daf8d blk 355014 txid 271
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 7e2165f097dbf2fb458c009542eace790e6fbe0b639d00c32e08328b60091d17 blk 355014 txid 273
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx c3367d31bb44a1dd31ef402d38fd90c5bc6d4c81f3467a84f6e2b18df29f9e38 blk 355014 txid 275
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx c1737d405e7e0fd7b3a3430245956c734c0a10cf3684f98f815d0a327016a3eb blk 355014 txid 277
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx e02163188ac4c2cf9497dc5120c473895289e91d26c369cfa0192485a16c385b blk 355014 txid 279
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx e55452be70cbc64cac24ab3069652dd2a421941179a0cc5e3e27c899c9408ec0 blk 355014 txid 281
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 690a3aeee840dd117efc51912e4d946a9d8d8779487df0454b544218a6372b1d blk 355014 txid 283
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx db1a969d2e05c93510f5031987b6f99b39c79d625af40e20126d3858e67cace9 blk 355014 txid 285
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 9c562bdcd7477ba768711b5436912988b45314f38380e4e80f3810f139ff7ea2 blk 355014 txid 287
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 4b2e204a502a5202a42f726fd3d7d8fb81f8ce112c1755b05537b4b069b8df33 blk 355014 txid 289
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx fa98cbecf1d2a6746c5d561e4bff233bb2348eafe37506521bf9448db551c31d blk 355014 txid 932
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 2ac0a51ce425e27e1d8eca6432bd6d4a78190daff0ced08c882fe5bc1ae0329f blk 355014 txid 933
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 13ba6e97e41b77906e5d207d1ec22d19e74dff1001074e87f2bc4bbb6f44322f blk 355014 txid 934
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx a26664e36fa00c7bd3a2ba021b35d1bf860b27b4f982b746fe6852d3d3905e15 blk 355017 txid 1007
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 8b6ea6a85f6542354208d73c0751d17a27f0955e05ea9e2a2a05fc78a2cfc166 blk 355017 txid 1008
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 337799b62a044c378bf65761a973ccc632799031245fdbc973a89beaf02a60f4 blk 355017 txid 1009
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx b9eb8cde9241c398d4d4b2a1c3e949acc009252a87316df3980edf9b3a38b8fe blk 355017 txid 1010
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 63391702a4e65366b7478239f97e19e3dcd1ee747403a45438d7a34af0b360d0 blk 355017 txid 1011
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 70f8fdbb10f100c36d3dc60af9935023ad12b6930e762f8bec5f4a0d01a75d19 blk 355017 txid 1012
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 43bd0936af750e24d73420fad006d204156972ed1f15f5db316e1a5787169ff6 blk 355017 txid 1013
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 0a6636fa74785f2613527f78c93c93194f6a00833ad7650987b4d922b0cd78e1 blk 355017 txid 1014
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 86844c16abd61880425198fa9be0a9fcad9d7e3c0c08ebf7833f8ab71f65a070 blk 355017 txid 1015
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx f58ebf347abd06a95495c6e9921519591347e178f3ca4f93a5605f8d30ffa714 blk 355017 txid 1016
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 53299933646374a15344dca2fbe5e7e5440993b67be0acb614abd9b78780d7c6 blk 355017 txid 1017
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 354e77e686748389c03fa02b919748d009ed968a657b9d0a18acbd9cd47f154e blk 355017 txid 1018
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 3c8ed74ab60d8dd0aa6cc8262f3e491470e517aaa6028abcb58c37495d9d2c3d blk 355017 txid 1019
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx d2fe21496ab3b47248154eccdce700b3b6d7a7bb81fa25c3b9a37d6021c277d6 blk 355017 txid 1020
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx efec3912300ce9ca8e45ec708f4917458e1ca851469fc34124f0f2398c8115a7 blk 355017 txid 1021
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx b7a01566b16414543cf66a42b964648e9a166204cae03e29f61cfe6a0c1316fa blk 355017 txid 1022
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx c7c8c1b5825261a9b0893b63f84b56eb494daa4aea6d1ee4a3a78d217a04ab24 blk 355017 txid 1023
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 7cf76b12db6f4efe5fca4bb35e51af1f8f3643eb98f0a3b2a82a77053f60e651 blk 355017 txid 1024
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 9835d3b42f3d1286bb23ca5b82adb43d635ce4b8bedfc5752324e3abfcf21a0f blk 355017 txid 1025
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 5c5c410cae2f57667f3a7a2949415b70438cf0f9305002eed8d2c124b7b2dcad blk 355017 txid 1026
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 31c28f72df5170782c90615cdde791f0f0925c2eda7292b744fda4cbda788b5d blk 355017 txid 1027
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx dc6ab0607050bc8621fbf30d9c1840506c237db8a948646648764cb8fcde9011 blk 355017 txid 1028
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx b2220ae6f4e1e2f47fdc0b46bd2656ff501a91ac1727af232c7b3a294c0c07e3 blk 355017 txid 1029
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx f264e90b5dcf03e485188a223f27b23c85feb1203d8780ab779fc653ee1ca1ca blk 355017 txid 1030
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 49bba511f29cdc0edb10acbeeb71927b2ecc85c5342ef39dcaddcc7ceb9b2880 blk 355017 txid 1031
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx 8b44a8ee55aadd6de408727713a1f1a526a6f0d388716cfc4f092b4431b1b2e8 blk 355020 txid 188
                    
Time to roll out bigger blocks
------------------------------
                    
I'm going to submit a pull request to the 0.11 release of Bitcoin Core that
will allow miners to create blocks bigger than one megabyte, starting a little
less than a year from now.
                    
I will be writing a series of blog posts, each addressing one argument against
raising the maximum block size, or against scheduling a raise right now. These
are the objections I plan on writing about; please send me an email
(gavinandresen@gmail.com) if I am missing any arguments for why one megabyte is
the best size for Bitcoin blocks over the next few years.
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size right now, the average
  block size is only about 400,000 bytes."
                    
* "There is no need to raise the maximum block size because the Lightning
  Network / Sidechains / ChainDB / Treechains / Factom will solve the scaling
  problem."         
                    
* "The network will be more secure with one megabyte blocks, because there will
  be more competition among transactions, and, therefore, higher transaction
  fees for miners." 
                    
* "More transactions means more bandwidth and CPU and storage cost, and more
  cost means increased centralization because fewer people will be able to
  afford that cost."
                    
* "More transactions makes it more difficult to keep Bitcoin activity private
  from oppressive governments."
                    
* "Larger-than-one-megabyte blocks have had insufficient testing and/or
  insufficient research into economic implications and/or insufficient security
  review of the risks versus benefits."
                    
* "Any change that requires a hard fork will open up Pandora's Box and destroy
  the confidence people have in the stability of Bitcoin; if the one megabyte
  maximum block size limit can be changed, why not the total number of bitcoins
  issued?"          
                    
If I am being unfair in how I am stating any of the above objections, please
let me know via email.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/time-to-roll-out-bigger-blocks
                    
                    
Why increasing the max block size is urgent
-------------------------------------------
                    
Perhaps the most common objection I hear to raising the maximum block size from
one megabyte is that "blocks aren't full yet, so we don't have to do anything
(yet)."             
                    
It is true that we're not yet at the hard-coded one megabyte block size limit;
on average, blocks are 30-40% full today.
                    
There is a very good blog post by David Hudson at hashingit.com analyzing what
will happen on the network as we approach 100% full blocks. Please visit that
link for full details, but basically he points out there is a mismatch between
when transactions are created and when blocks are found - and that mismatch
means very bad things start to happen on the network as the one megabyte limit
is reached.         
                    
Transactions are created steadily over time, as people spend their bitcoin.
There are daily and weekly cycles in transaction volume, but over any
ten-minute period the number of transactions will be roughly equal to the
number of transactions in the previous or next ten minute period.
                    
Blocks, however, are created via a random Poisson process. Sometimes a lot of
blocks are found in an hour, sometimes all the miners will be unlucky and very
few (or none!) will be found in a hour.
                    
The mismatch between the steady submission of transactions to the network and
the random Poisson distribution of found blocks means we will never have blocks
that are 100% full all of the time. Sometimes miners will find a lot of blocks
in a row, clearing out the queue of waiting transactions.
                    
Conversely, very bad things can happen when miners happen to be unlucky. The
queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed will grow, using more and more
memory inside every full node. Full nodes could (and probably will in a future
release of Bitcoin Core) start to drop transactions from the queue, which will
make transaction confirmation less reliable.
                    
If the wallet re-broadcasts transactions if they are not confirmed after a few
blocks (the Bitcoin Core wallet does), then bandwidth usage spikes as every
wallet on the network rebroadcasts its unconfirmed transactions.
                    
If the number of transactions waiting gets large enough, the end result will be
an over-saturated network, busy doing nothing productive. I don't think that is
likely - it is more likely people just stop using Bitcoin because transaction
confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable.
                    
-http://gavinandresen.ninja/why-increasing-the-max-block-size-is-urgent
                    

tx ebfd237e8da9328765cfddc2774410f3db510996b39ba04a34c13aaa4df1a5d4 blk 355023 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx a446555cb3598e0d5deb16a8f175a76f6a8ebc8892b1e448503998d3eebe1804 blk 355032 txid 0
'Mined by f2poolhaobtc

tx d9524305594a4efc681faeb8c94399ff26153ea525f5012ccbf08d29859f392d blk 355033 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 60892cac30005d6939d8acd39a965c7ef811806ba58d40c9d8bfd28a9cb1338d blk 355036 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sz0	

tx 0d110f2c10d724245ca85119d2344c4521a777032c1dc3ea24d9ff7d2ff9a288 blk 355037 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx c6c6ed3dfd3af2125dc3fdeb8795ab7101c9a7c1c7b600a6fcbf1d0c2990ed6f blk 355038 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 6c678b919819a7ec059b3dcf7367af1de09bf2ad2f1183a220382ee0a65e7c50 blk 355040 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 5a32a8f2f740ad1ddae33a88511fb6c96a52c86d5ce69617af09d2f9d8c018e7 blk 355042 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 6df25654ee71635a7ae39c06bded2e36211bc4c76f01e1e0750bb206f5653dca blk 355049 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 85f30fb52bbc290ca48202e2966f4ffd483b87cb66069ec05239fd478d0942dd blk 355051 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx f394b7319c5215e0d3576effa0bf362f0f1d85e5b12ff6a62f3b95615015eb9d blk 355052 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 5912d756cb97bfa7a047161d961f3e44360a4d9c619f498ce1c7747c14adef7d blk 355054 txid 0
+https://mining.bitcoinaffiliatenetwork.com/

tx 79bd644ee157bea52733cae12e9aa43425c66138f58f90df40567f8d5613fc97 blk 355070 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx be706707f4f4ae6e5f42145e28625d57034a0205c964e35f1e5d3563e873aa2e blk 355074 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx d97bea369f16e70fea7fcfd20cca038f7ef621cd69c8971dcbc299544d7ff618 blk 355079 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 6b93e75341e095d0f0eb7bc0f1dae75985ff9ea140559920c73161681a609ab8 blk 355080 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx a36d91190823c64b44413a5a7d92b3ae2c2b3eda085b3207c51f1b94201ecaad blk 355084 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 2d0cd956ad3c5c31329fdbda3d0797557cc9ccb6665a5b3e4bbfe78e05dfdf30 blk 355085 txid 0
hMined by f2poolscant

tx 805c287d79659eb9dddd1e3fa3de0d3c125b287db94fce60ecfb7a9c12ef7071 blk 355095 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx c0909c933f782fbb3d02713195875c637e96e1003d021a81acd169eaaa01b8b5 blk 355096 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 104f5d545dbcc48929feccd2e8834e6849bc7d56607e0d5dea552a1900e33eed blk 355098 txid 0
!leMined by f2poolhaobtc

tx 3c02244d63820d9161ea9e3eefb38bbee3346654534a28d4f0f0b2acbe51fee3 blk 355104 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 678b6eef4c5a6f7e2dd83f0a2ff9d49ce6e5a390c113df05cba4aa07a72cef61 blk 355107 txid 0
Mined by remontlinks

tx 854e5678458ec91d1cf0ad97155a15d438524e89f08ca4191416bc35e7e7f897 blk 355109 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 2aaf1aed72cdd042c982c58cc126e8f47e772dfce3b8401c4c28cc2fbb8ae478 blk 355117 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx cb0ec32aa72e9076836a14b2719cdc57353b414b74adcbbdd2cde85fe5c49096 blk 355126 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx d8580123e139311d698f150a86d5988fe61940c64e2e23385a05dbe0cf4e0944 blk 355132 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 2860a5a0c2b183dd025ab636375478d82eae868b7265c0bb01ba16f361a32e07 blk 355147 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 3b67a9f4e041a9fbdd526db07854a09c14a17a640ccee0142ff0ee49377e4a99 blk 355150 txid 0
Mined by linshen2014

tx aa3e487828a70a5aaf9ad596ae21bb05747b3307bb158a25ff7131c50f4d6c47 blk 355155 txid 0
mm","000000000000000022278a503e33f

tx d610c89f8f3f9c614d61261f6c2f3d4577154944955b3b244f45da37505b5fa2 blk 355158 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 816d68490c8fa096a3bf123a08a4325c77137238df040533f68104eb77cbcacf blk 355160 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx c9797b4e7fcbf95aa1685293e031d01c68d2fdc7df7ae343a3f13ccb004e9bd2 blk 355176 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 30314851c7c485bc49e0ff021d8dcbb7877d88a9274c0413ac7e00048b09cc1a blk 355181 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 84f3bdd0a10f9d13811ed488816862ef56538cbc2bc1c47f69b272ac4bb275bc blk 355187 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 93747570e165ec19bd50486c806ab114d600f57a2af6eb61576ecf266097c84d blk 355192 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx d3a392210e00939c8f1b391fc4eeb6f78d29f7c3749635838c32e6de9d86ab90 blk 355198 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 138b914b180e1e92f504568b18f4d4fe5e21f23aa6cb6233eed4202bccecada1 blk 355208 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 22e7e07cd8949c280e4f766d6ac7175fd12838e18432a4c135bf3b0c692d89f1 blk 355222 txid 0
Mined by lz272202222

tx a8ae47bbcb820c4c52f766fdefa9559341cd06074de22cc54824a4a923dfc3ba blk 355233 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 4e1e600c555f0e28e73fb0fb62565bf662bc65ca043fdadec1b6752aa4536638 blk 355237 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UJEm

tx e83fc92948f4f2f2d0e609e20598f5647b6b446df7e30423e5ee77419382eedf blk 355239 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 2c60ebe581e16a1c516a3f3945f9eb3fc2912b824cd691a5b14951f2b382c280 blk 355241 txid 0
Mined by baoyufan2011

tx eec64d42929a49b2c3c7339b1af517ccdba1307e085e591cc143ec64b562305f blk 355242 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx c97a244497bb87c566db2eec5d5d4960a3780265bcf30bd9a39295a89d6c23db blk 355247 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UJ\

tx 98b7e2cdbe39109761fec7afd4ffaa0d33bccac776d1207afe5630f8614fbca9 blk 355249 txid 0
Mined by f2poolhaobtc

tx c1a52ac28e2de98057a021f52a5a5cddc1f1979bcb00c296b97c8749d861bb6a blk 355250 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 035fda6c2994d66c1b93fbab0f935bdfe0fa3403826199662a10a3103b6edf39 blk 355252 txid 0
Mined by meanmachine1

tx 994a0edc3967672a6d7060a534285f32ffd378b006c35cde2d97625e238902ba blk 355255 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 4750acc2b80c6cf6e224b985f8b0852462cc320b37295b277b01e4a7aa32a6bf blk 355257 txid 0
eMined by zhenglin2014

tx f9169e2a25e5bc908c9fa09e0d6ae4352415bab6a712fd1c274163ccf36e315e blk 355266 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 74d11d56063f30a1669d8977c880bf9f60d0eee30c03c64b07fd769775e92cf3 blk 355271 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx bfedbcbc196b00030a014c612db780a66edbe16e24a2c718276880ccd57e3f98 blk 355272 txid 0
+https://mining.bitcoinaffiliatenetwork.com/

tx 3f73095f0abd94cd505af30c4c1badb4f80bbe8b43d73894d08790611b50176c blk 355273 txid 0
qi6Mined by f2poolhaobtc

tx bd98e80735309b7280d404a460fdaa1caec7133d2402072e4089e01de1be7719 blk 355283 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx fc9d92bff653534f21d7fe5826e79b698392d9dc7d7ed3e879efd8a6d4ae5d0b blk 355289 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 3bf7f685afdcff045a714bb53d9fa756bf5a271dd7b2f14d33cfb843c71e6222 blk 355290 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx eae7a51476db6c3fddbf5ca91d9540bf7bc0051cbca685527e44900b6d3513bc blk 355299 txid 0
+https://mining.bitcoinaffiliatenetwork.com/

tx 59a817b74c5b8d7587846c3f24aa4b4f8ceeb3ae180b05df6715535c151852d5 blk 355300 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 56e8d7b4e45e96a5ba6b1f8882ee07e19c0a1ff9fa8625462f3b77ac42e04af2 blk 355301 txid 0
Mined by wl415659999

tx 1a928cc32f45f30e39157b5dfb89dc0fa9ea9c2f48c35c1dd65b72bcb72dcf29 blk 355302 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 824ed000487dd8394045c82899cc3ff97bb635bcd41f061050ff31e72c71126c blk 355314 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx a79dc6579c2b65082b8239c3f413c7ba00628d5e15ed72763860ce6d3e908316 blk 355319 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 4802ddccdcc1583300fad43feb920f8c6c4c689625674388fc22ed16efb27d90 blk 355320 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx cf43c047047f30ace6cac3f7646dc4e7bb1867f8ef502c0574a307f652d5da71 blk 355326 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UJ

tx 08893442680a20c4d0548dec2c8c421fa43336528b4e274dbf2652774f9c9f2d blk 355326 txid 301
--------------------
                    
I like big blocks and I can not lie
You other miners can't deny
That when a blocks comes through with an itty bitty fee
And big data in your face
You get fucked, wanna pull your rig
'Cause you notice that power was wasted
                    
Deep in the chain it's pending
I'm hashing and I can't stop bankin'
Oh Gavin, I wanna get with ya
And compile code with ya'
Other miners tried to warn me
But that block size you got makes me so horny
                    
Ohh, Hash-o'-big-blocks
You say you wanna get in my block?
Well, use me, use me
'Cause you ain't that average /r/bitcoin groupie
I've seen them chattin'
And to the hell with patents'
                    
You're fast, big    
Got it goin' like a Josh Garza
I'm tired of solo pools
Sayin that block rewards are a thing
Take the average miner and ask him that
He gotta mine more blocks
                    
So, bitters! (Yeah!) Bitters! (Yeah!)
Have your blocks got the space? (Hell NO!)
Tell em' to increase it! (Increase it!) Increase it! (Increase It!)
Increase that damn block size.
Baby's got blocks.  
                    
-https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/354nrp/gavin_be_like/cr0z1ie
                    

tx 97a80f020460eba970e5c30576bf0bf2ecd1da77eba4b0f6ab724ca1c32032ad blk 355328 txid 0
Mined by zhao545382343

tx aaf508cbb7725e2d5d149a4862d586ee708fbac3a6e326bbf6a37a618c53c3eb blk 355328 txid 183
                    
Date: Wed, 6 Nov 2013 22:44:04 -0500
From: Peter Todd <pete@petertodd.org>
To: Christophe Biocca <christophe.biocca@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <20131107034404.GA5140@savin>
References: <5279D49D.5050807@jerviss.org>
        <CAJHLa0N1-8LfFuWq=vS0r-t2Bt-qZ6yKuGjrnicUOj+K6Gpx5A@mail.gmail.com>
        <CANOOu=-MsPPgACKcHvsvtFAOAiULL+BOQvJz1tC3L=nT8wN01Q@mail.gmail.com>
In-Reply-To: <CANOOu=-MsPPgACKcHvsvtFAOAiULL+BOQvJz1tC3L=nT8wN01Q@mail.gmail.com>
Cc: Bitcoin-development@lists.sourceforge.net
Subject: Re: [Bitcoin-development] we can all relax now
                    
On Wed, Nov 06, 2013 at 01:06:47PM -0500, Christophe Biocca wrote:
> I might try building this sometime soon. I think it may also serve an
> educational purpose when trying to understand the whole network's behaviour.
>                   
> What level of accuracy are we looking for though? Obviously we need to
> fully emulate the steps of the network protocol, and we need to be able to
> specify time taken for transmission/processing for each node. Do we care
> about the actual contents of the messages (to be able to simulate double
> spend attempts, invalid transactions and blocks, SPV node communication),
> and their validation (actual signatures and proof of work)?
>                   
> I imagine the latter is pretty useless, beyond specifying that the
> signature/proof of work is valid/invalid.
>                   
> If we could build up a set of experiments we'd like to run on it, it would
> help clarify what's needed.
>                   
> Off the top of my head:
>                   
> - Peter Todd's miner strategy of sending blocks to only 51% of the
> hashpower.        
                    
                    
Speaking of, I hadn't gotten around to doing up the math behind that
strategy properly; turns out 51% I was overly optimistic and the actual
threshold is 29.3%  
                    
Suppose I find a block. I have Q hashing power, and the rest of the
network 1-Q. Should I tell the rest of the network, or withhold that
block and hope I find a second one?
                    
Now in a purely inflation subsidy environment, where I don't care about
the other miners success, of course I should publish. However, if my
goals are to find *more* blocks than the other miners for whatever
reason, maybe because transaction fees matter or I'm trying to get
nLockTime'd announce/commit fee sacrifices, it gets more complicated.
                    
                    
There are three possible outcomes:
                    
1) I find the next block, probability Q
2) They find the next block, probability 1-Q
2.1) I find the next block, probability Q, or (1-Q)*Q in total.
2.2) They find the next block, probability (1-Q)^2 in total.
                    
Note how only in the last option do I lose. So how much hashing power do
I need before it is just as likely that the other miners will find two
blocks before I find either one block, or two blocks? Easy enough:
                    
Q + (1-Q)*Q = (1-Q)^2 -> Q^2 - Q + 1/2 -> Q = (1 - \sqrt(2))/2
                    
Q ~= 29.2%          
                    
So basically, if I'm trying to beat other miners, once I have >29.3% of
the hashing power I have no incentive to publish the blocks I mine!
                    
But hang on, does it matter if I'm the one who actually has that hashing
power? What if I just make sure that only >29.3% of the hashing power
has that block? If my goal is to make sure that someone does useless
work, and/or they are working on a lower height block than me, then no,
I don't care, which means my original "send blocks to >51% of the
hashing power" analysis was actually wrong, and the strategy is even
more crazy: "send blocks to >29.3% of the hashing power" (!)
                    
                    
Lets suppose I know that I'm two blocks ahead:
                    
1) I find the next block: Q                    (3:0)
2) They find the next block: (1-Q)             (2:1)
2.1) I find the next block: (1-Q)*Q            (3:1)
2.2) They find the next block: (1-Q)^2         (2:2)
2.2.1) I find the next block: (1-Q)^2 * Q      (3:2)
2.2.2) They find the next block: (1-Q)^3       (2:3)
                    
At what hashing power should I release my blocks? So remember, I win
this round on outcomes 1, 2.1, 2.2.1 and they only win on 2.2.2:
                    
Q + (1-Q)*Q + (1-Q)^2*Q = (1-Q)^3 -> Q = 1 - 2^-3
                    
Q ~= 20.6%          
                    
Interesting... so as I get further ahead, or to be exact the group of
miners who have a given block gets further ahead, I need less hashing
power for my incentives to be to *not* publish the block I just found.
Conversely this means I should try to make my blocks propagate to less
of the hashing power, by whatever means necessary.
                    
Now remember, none of the above strategy requires me to have a special
low-latency network or anything fancy. I don't even have to have a lot
of hashing power - the strategy still works if I'm, say, a 5% pool. It
just means I don't have the incentives people thought I did to propagate
my blocks widely.   
                    
The other nasty thing about this, is suppose I'm a miner and recently
got a block from another miner: should I forward that block, or not
bother? Well, it depends: if I have no idea how much of the hashing
power has that block, I should forward the block. But again, if my goal
is to be most likely to get the next block, I should only forward in
such a way that >30% of the hashing power has the block.
                    
This means that if I have some information about what % already has that
block, I have less incentive to forward! For instance, suppose that
every major miner has been publishing their node addresses in their
blocks - I'll have a pretty good idea of who probably has that most
recent block, so I can easily make a well-optimized decision not to
forward. Similarly because the 30% hashing power figure is the
*integral* of time * hashes/second, if miners are forwarding
near-target-headers, I might as well wait a few seconds and see if I see
any near-target-headers; if I do for this block then I have evidence
that hashing power does have it, and I shouldn't forward.
                    
                    
So yeah, we're fucked and have got to fix this awful incentive structure
somehow before the inflation subsidy gets any smaller. Also, raising the
blocksize, especially by just removing the limit, is utter madness given
it can be used to slow down block propagation selectively, so the
hashing power that gets a given block is limited repeatably to the same
group.              
                    
                    
P.S: If any large pools want to try this stuff out, give me a shout. You
have my PGP key - confidentiality assured.
                    
P.P.S: If you're mining on a pool with more than, like, 1% hashing
power, do the math on varience... Seriously, stop it and go mine on a
smaller pool, or better yet, p2pool.
                    
--                  
'peter'[:-1]@petertodd.org
00000000000000078b970f5134bae96da021744f80e04aa9dc2e2d2c2bcb07c2
                    

tx ce09a47043fbe697f6bfde0a8826fad01e0f22c176930546eca92a2b3ba413f8 blk 355330 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 2802ee0c2dfaa3d84bd61a34452b96571a57e0d47aecd4b932e4603713e82940 blk 355333 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 58cc0579a48cff28942ee6740aadc98e153a6b7043493ada1f7cd959472daa43 blk 355334 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 6ea8c0f6b893a4301262d6d4316d229d5080e2f0bbebcda2d30d020e5b2f4a37 blk 355339 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 556d5a50db1de720e82bb203d16bd049eb86011ec40c6ec3e777d0d7ec2148cf blk 355342 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx 057734b5325c5b37598a4e6f5a016e2f8ee42b161d3fbb96091df394e81c667e blk 355343 txid 174
--------------------
                    
I like big blocks and I can not lie
You other miners can't deny
That when a blocks comes through with an itty bitty fee
And big data in your face
You get fucked, wanna pull your rig
'Cause you notice that power was wasted
                    
Deep in the chain it's pending
I'm hashing and I can't stop bankin'
Oh Gavin, I wanna get with ya
And compile code with ya'
Other miners tried to warn me
But that block size you got makes me so horny
                    
Ohh, Hash-o'-big-blocks
You say you wanna get in my block?
Well, use me, use me
'Cause you ain't that average /r/bitcoin groupie
I've seen them chattin'
And to the hell with patents'
                    
You're fast, big    
Got it goin' like a Josh Garza
I'm tired of solo pools
Sayin that block rewards are a thing
Take the average miner and ask him that
He gotta mine more blocks
                    
So, bitters! (Yeah!) Bitters! (Yeah!)
Have your blocks got the space? (Hell NO!)
Tell em' to increase it! (Increase it!) Increase it! (Increase It!)
Increase that damn block size.
Baby's got blocks.  
                    
-https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/354nrp/gavin_be_like/cr0z1ie
                    

tx 552e2705fa15ede61e142f042cbb69513dc1a7b9ee831dd98662431aba04c111 blk 355343 txid 261
--------------------
                    
I like big blocks and I can not lie
You other miners can't deny
That when a blocks comes through with an itty bitty fee
And big data in your face
You get fucked, wanna pull your rig
'Cause you notice that power was wasted
                    
Deep in the chain it's pending
I'm hashing and I can't stop bankin'
Oh Gavin, I wanna get with ya
And compile code with ya'
Other miners tried to warn me
But that block size you got makes me so horny
                    
Ohh, Hash-o'-big-blocks
You say you wanna get in my block?
Well, use me, use me
'Cause you ain't that average /r/bitcoin groupie
I've seen them chattin'
And to the hell with patents'
                    
You're fast, big    
Got it goin' like a Josh Garza
I'm tired of solo pools
Sayin that block rewards are a thing
Take the average miner and ask him that
He gotta mine more blocks
                    
So, bitters! (Yeah!) Bitters! (Yeah!)
Have your blocks got the space? (Hell NO!)
Tell em' to increase it! (Increase it!) Increase it! (Increase It!)
Increase that damn block size.
Baby's got blocks.  
                    
-https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/354nrp/gavin_be_like/cr0z1ie
                    

tx d4ba5e03457089b4513643a29616b407fb6360a52f78b212797c8d77214dd003 blk 355345 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 5eefc445a5fbad53af1aa81e30c703cd839bf66493abf68c6cf6f5fb3a9f9b99 blk 355355 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx d7f34cb3393c98d79e8c99140eb7b11c4c37bb552665fa361be65a86cc13a2b4 blk 355359 txid 0
Mined by xulaixing2015

tx 95d85365e501977738af0585f021f305efd15fb048eebd7e340d7ed8d187d7b8 blk 355366 txid 0
+https://mining.bitcoinaffiliatenetwork.com/

tx f64ac0a3a45a66abec5cf0a09176a7dd8b216817565e8fa1e77b2f11e825aee6 blk 355376 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx dd0fb40e4ea754b4b67d570ad72f663c4876479e781dd881cc30bc4d117f6886 blk 355393 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx ee20b93e6280e22d6f641ab4fb79fb318e213070fa24d4112ba4f6dedd35f228 blk 355394 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa09

tx f69f5593f3101b1266488399844ecf8f03289ee8b85f192cf38060364d1f1931 blk 355398 txid 0
|(Mined by f2poolscant

tx 4e601082948aa380cee9ec2f5de5e6b088793c781a497d7e2af8d96d3b60a855 blk 355399 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 05ab528269a2be1c932590753f73c22163b231add1938f72cc653eee43351f0e blk 355400 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UK

tx 0c70ad19ec04f31e7a3acd4d692ef59b27ca6c143062d75e45488e73c090a681 blk 355406 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 02063bdbc82ea7312f5d14367c3b102d8c4c5a29b3c013dbb028bc9d424ed654 blk 355412 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx c4b7bd620db6929314f71e6c81e35fb7e2abe139c7970f8fe063147188b4df6a blk 355414 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx b03732a0f9a6040964a004b72d68b64ed2ca0460c0aafab60db7d917a3da6412 blk 355424 txid 0
Mined by zhp13539998899

tx 1f9dc107d31196c5e83b77298edc93bc8c78afd17fc3c3389017e3e70cfcabe6 blk 355428 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 225850a2db8bbce165846c6bbd86efa51852248b8bfbb06406d3cdfd3eaafc39 blk 355430 txid 0
Mined by f2poolscant

tx 21685af418e68f62b2614f3a98f85a09b72aa7555b67e5d0e9014d5ad9ab4c2c blk 355438 txid 0
?Mined by f2poolscant

tx 8b7e48802543d7ab3f8bae1321eaaffd071699c7f8ed4c29409c6639e2a58eb4 blk 355447 txid 0
ivaMined by f2poolscant

tx cb01f69936bd41aebdd921fb559910022fbdfd7ffa1a74e81bc07cf9c328e833 blk 355449 txid 0
,Mined by AntPool bj0
~Cb Happy everyday UL

tx 5cd7faa2edff37029cc4cf5b5ca66913aba3de854261fa092aeeac6bf1dbb834 blk 355454 txid 0
9Mined by AntPool bj2
%h twitter.com/Janet_Ai_YaXuan UL!

tx 58df2be573a69fb35407f96abab12b5673f1acf3325994ec2713a90a46495931 blk 355457 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 339e9e8e444a7ca6d1cd2135681b21642b715adaca2f68bce48960c0b4a8c12c blk 355458 txid 0
Mined by startover0001

tx 9452da6e1d05c845554a783914cf357643d75e5b5ab5d29a752da7b1860d5911 blk 355459 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx dc0259c759642e5cfab660e9e90a882288a63ab345df41ea0dbbbe3af6507198 blk 355473 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 8bbbd1134bff4f5e3e10fabefc42c162ba1a79390ec2325b50e05f3d59d9f09b blk 355474 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx aafe4ab7cb67cedc2b8015b071e1d6cfd2ec05a2babd320161ce442371487d7b blk 355476 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 68d1ce6775f6f882c087d99524c7556d53d48612b8f9337c84ed379b2b98fa44 blk 355477 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 9a03d76f136e953f673308558098a593b2811d1a3fb6c419fdbf124a2eccac27 blk 355479 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 05e6f0ab64f13a2cca36aac015ef826f2c1abc24d8c5efe91ebdc233be93197c blk 355480 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx 2a0c58b7cd842969377fd71bd3e4492a02578dd1d8e10766e76c4f0af8be1b2f blk 355487 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx af9edb80937839a3b580ccff7370d08dc63a25f1c8e04b2bdca99025d891ca99 blk 355493 txid 0
Mined by chengyantao

tx f08f1fded4ba1b91074817bd7fc2e297ceb05bbffee4233a7ecea5fb17a8fcc2 blk 355502 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 44add027b8b7791cc36e48dbdb6fd98d420fefb7814d243b7fad56e67a944e8f blk 355510 txid 0
Mined by lb139110118

tx c987549fa64095d6a497a7139f955dc11f8d9d88801cfbaf1fd4d9a06f06276d blk 355522 txid 0
Mined by liugonggong

tx 531d26bdb96347b1f80be8ed2d07c0fa3b294c2c2235fd8dd93d8d7f24cb6b70 blk 355523 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx eed8ab9dae2945fe73be1d2b57ecf4b9a504fc0fc755e1ea3b00fad6d8d9257b blk 355525 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 95ec9f3dbfad8eb385d32f0fc964e1cda99ca523ea3aeab59044a42eb0866fee blk 355531 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx 3ccfeb3f38a98076022ad855933d99abbe96b7bd58e5120c3311838700c70a40 blk 355534 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx ad0efd1e5c4ab003f68322a5c97da03ce314a9e789dbcab2415fee6da75cca0c blk 355536 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx bfb379f06a64cc4f56e0cb0183242e9e974a6546005a4278bfcf0e26805bee5e blk 355538 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx ee11d9a37ffeeadc2bbbb6e9e67d4b36f94b7094423b226e58100cd7ff4b1079 blk 355540 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx bb1efff2e4148d792f23463894e06d92f44aa67e1eacf6466d685dab60186376 blk 355546 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UL

tx 86e39b0650d166adb6e7e2b487389cadd8c7b6c6c6bdb7edabe2246431b46127 blk 355548 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UL

tx 64d6167c18692e0e93e71b7de7b131d7d382612ed28902aae282f783aeb3fbd4 blk 355552 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UL

tx d2acd939bd7ada3a4db2dbe7aed8479e87750595461458dd1f4fe7e4c04856a5 blk 355562 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 0d983c9416a19ea31e99c994bc54099a3f8a685ff54e271455ae4782c17b66e6 blk 355563 txid 0
Mined by f2poolscant

tx fdd29e76cf307187bf4f6d6c9d87e834255f18019be5b1fbc66b8ed29e0491f5 blk 355567 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 9804f661efca260c66e58e868b941f12fa4f61d5862478affe28e29b056b9407 blk 355570 txid 0
Mined by lgj252885909

tx f8dbbb1185d3f597211621ee6ac87b6251de11413536dc0017f378ca94cad82b blk 355573 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx 09de7860c086cf53e82c1cd872b3d358439b8c558ac8f97392c794a4f859d928 blk 355576 txid 0
0Mined by f2poolhaobtc

tx 8aa6e53cbbef8103d84adf675358f8b249bf42e2273dba8383ebb0a00ecf01df blk 355577 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 49ba2ee8a9c4a8377f1cd6b1377e73b12bc01805b63585368862c0bbf8307833 blk 355579 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx 9bc250b2dbd10b3c8ec4782a091918b22f208b95dfd492bfd50ceec4dd69a8c9 blk 355582 txid 0
Mined by yy328655249

tx 19e59c67510bd2b22e5dc2b7920a0aba5e501df20ed4e31032133fe799786227 blk 355583 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 04d63d0cb22ae042fba2b1fb86714c7c156d587fae938306d30cf7dba3b3a255 blk 355585 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 9c388f3e2b45bf369cda33dda8866f9dd5a386e313f07b0f2a74e36a754e2b9a blk 355591 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 409268205f9e927fd349d873cbde361efc39e540c66232df358ac345317cb822 blk 355592 txid 0
megabigpower.comUMd4

tx 6c5e9c368b65981eccba4146a18f0dc6dbdf393c37249dce7b616846da753de3 blk 355596 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 548cf9b35a258a93ded38d59978b6c7d6d62001128da700813a86dc40d33f832 blk 355598 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx 158066700d57fe4e9b21b57f125d653dda1ffe9cb834b51473afe48e408282d2 blk 355602 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx 7f04d0bc84fe3ddfc3d33f9a927cb75b8d8d7505725b30fc5f6d8de85bec4479 blk 355604 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx f3551da4c51836c455438d5c2e9256a1824f25aaa046a204a2c0c6f07a57f4f0 blk 355608 txid 0
 Mined by xiyanghong1

tx ab104a1c23cfcdbb51afb255b71149e5020cd41109c193e0b3945033b32c1427 blk 355615 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx f0506c0e01658c9df1cc1738198e005a9ed510e86052b4c977af9e9a0c53ec8f blk 355618 txid 0
Mined by qq353335066

tx c5ceb0d5a972b707cd7afb9799e72e53fea3d20a73765a0470bc6fd872b064a6 blk 355622 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 009e257a79656b4e071231f5feb328f00fa00222490ed3264cba7a87c860a78f blk 355623 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx b89a0ec1b2f8aed9d1654cad5f62b5369e7969ce17fb3189b9da2d0d7b815b2a blk 355625 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx f03f423c7d64e9870b64048e35cd2e3cabf6c72428a9500887a59e508d645849 blk 355626 txid 824
--------------------
                    
I like big blocks and I can not lie
You other miners can't deny
That when a blocks comes through with an itty bitty fee
And big data in your face
You get fucked, wanna pull your rig
'Cause you notice that power was wasted
                    
Deep in the chain it's pending
I'm hashing and I can't stop bankin'
Oh Gavin, I wanna get with ya
And compile code with ya'
Other miners tried to warn me
But that block size you got makes me so horny
                    
Ohh, Hash-o'-big-blocks
You say you wanna get in my block?
Well, use me, use me
'Cause you ain't that average /r/bitcoin groupie
I've seen them chattin'
And to the hell with patents'
                    
You're fast, big    
Got it goin' like a Josh Garza
I'm tired of solo pools
Sayin that block rewards are a thing
Take the average miner and ask him that
He gotta mine more blocks
                    
So, bitters! (Yeah!) Bitters! (Yeah!)
Have your blocks got the space? (Hell NO!)
Tell em' to increase it! (Increase it!) Increase it! (Increase It!)
Increase that damn block size.
Baby's got blocks.  
                    
-https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/354nrp/gavin_be_like/cr0z1ie
                    

tx 74cb5d3fb328aa2fa982265fd0d6f9e63e9a52e5ad526ce7447fd68db024a74d blk 355628 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 564a0b97456f0654023c7097ed1ae879b1bd9c9fec4a9ceabd5dc39420001f6b blk 355629 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx c9165179c3409e969783c6f3230810df892eb2f44e361f53e4a33ce6716a7fa1 blk 355630 txid 0
Mined by qq553967525

tx 92007647ab706a68275d0b1e3cb77c02805a716a0f48863596bb0b2303520f60 blk 355632 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 493a4c46712e292cfc99c533056f7e815e62ff7ce6ad04a51668ce4dd75d4d8a blk 355635 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 6f3275c094fe3a617f35003a558a125b614fd6b13da2797f974027e8d17f37ac blk 355636 txid 0
Mined by bao1347101255

tx 89c9e4b3a61d9d541b714587bc0e7ef7a3376f6482e42d56042aa6e065cbc4f5 blk 355638 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UM

tx b0ceb2f591cabd2feaaf5c82cac5f29b225cd5a4cf4939efb6e3f8e20b57576f blk 355643 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx d07147a62da2f971b2b3492082e09888b6cab9368695776843896e1e4223a4be blk 355644 txid 0
Mined by liyapeng1986423

tx 210cdab902026bf7142ccdcd98936aedbac951b59ae532652a96979f7a9e5ae8 blk 355651 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UN

tx d908ddfac6dd249011a6394b477bcc2087fdd2d3926ba4c82e5a8f15c42731af blk 355666 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 067bbc5e6cbd2f9836648f0d49e5fa16f38cc69412f3cfe598004c42d02fc58c blk 355668 txid 0
Mined by realsun8888

tx b5cddea2c81822f72fac24c08bceb65b8e15792f8735fdac6a9abbcfabc40500 blk 355669 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 74591e623a1c2bda2a268b998f8ccc591f38fb35eee6275d011323244e6e9176 blk 355676 txid 0
TMined by f2poolhaobtc

tx 7969627a64d7653011c9734d92471a5ebcca4bfceb6632b6c2538c9c00f716f4 blk 355680 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 9e8968aab5ab4fd3db9b932032c4d92fc57817881c7fb1e3c4a4c95594460bb5 blk 355687 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx fbfc1e7da21661ecc641d9495cb1201dc6c39820ac2628e6668626e3b9e6d327 blk 355693 txid 0
Mined by gramaovidiu

tx 009204c50f1cfd93039fef6be7c628888a7374f7071e8c96e4d882c43232e544 blk 355697 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx bdf4cb7b4b6586d3e2d74ccd57c7b4a283735c463d471a0ac0c214c8009c6636 blk 355700 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 98baf763f8c287204ea8e078ce3a066e512229b8ec443f30fafdb4049956d720 blk 355712 txid 0
Mined by zhangtao830112

tx f42f96d0165a78c203057143d00c6a2e020bd8ba21cd5b418749e15ecf9ba72e blk 355714 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 603cea415d5cfa35f69dce47592b175ab61ed8cd3a6dbc195f27fbe0d7103486 blk 355715 txid 0
5Mined by AntPool sc0
 https://AsicTrade.com UN

tx 4cff9351a50afb6c4f0d178d0b16cc60ac88f381fc42cc6c157fc9213b5f8364 blk 355724 txid 0
8Mined by AntPool sc0
 CaihuiLiwenCaizimu20110501 UN

tx 47fb28009b5c121dab0fc5bfc3cbee3005eca036b66d2b531900f8a44d5a5951 blk 355725 txid 0
9Mined by AntPool usa1%
 CaihuiLiwenCaizimu20110501 UN

tx 29989a547e5bc8aa465125b9b0d27231a70cb3e67a2ac59fd7a73b95d5328dbf blk 355727 txid 0
Mined by fang69157699

tx e048736d5d48247693111cbdfd431c9d7b87e2bc2eb64daa456631cc68c552f7 blk 355735 txid 0
"Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 6883ab5194a152a4313b4f2ed76070c7702e9c868ee4e261f95ec04c51765263 blk 355739 txid 0
<Mined by AntPool sz0	

tx 7edb8b37e65c1652588a15e8895e88a286a9a08671d9f1d44b67e16e37a893c7 blk 355748 txid 0
=Mined by AntPool usa1%
 Jacques Rascagneres - CryptoBE UO

tx acfe926b881034a17bcaa8a9080bb977877176651c7f6336b90046a388a61057 blk 355751 txid 0
>Mined by AntPool bj5&
~ Jacques Rascagneres - CryptoBE UO	

tx ea7f31677e7cc77b9804598579ab2968ee29276b58a485636a03437e02cc80a6 blk 355757 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 59f9c149bcbf0d9147b048b60343b0e8f4cfd92c8e2259e2baa8bba60f1e8dee blk 355758 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 62211e6e890cb9411b93dc6652dbc62e5f181db10acc3921986b29357dea425a blk 355770 txid 0
omFMined by f2poolhaobtc

tx 2bca96b91cd78a9bc056f0fdb0f0ce16713696a152b00afb5de1df4fbc906ac8 blk 355775 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 5debab9fb4f4119c4128a5bce18624642681bfd1b87a526117b7dd7283c5f4f4 blk 355776 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 0b5bbaf6cffa2436bbe0d20651add87138f2baab19b71690624860d94121d575 blk 355777 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 7232da9142ac18f4ca8fe4ba2150e7b9891aed3093f680c3f700c338dcc95520 blk 355779 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 6f065c84d4c4cb4c506cc0d545cc557465c1a56b7059b66a6f10649ccc0862be blk 355781 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UO]q

tx 82df2d3fbc0fd7f2d9f57d3834ae5a7a83b1da7816c2a0abacfa9a33c3fa2e23 blk 355782 txid 0
 Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 0288951a2973d76b3a568b04a43425d8ac2e86e2b750dfa27342d6ebb163165e blk 355785 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 6dd448109b8b6a00f886266f7a692aff3e4ac8e85e16ab4f3ab6c64892ee1f8c blk 355798 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 25227c196230e57b02b5c526de68e8f945fd5378054775ec7ffa26f2f258d894 blk 355799 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 5ce84b1b8a6cb7be3b964e76ed8c05629f16355579ef4360b73394fef4bcac11 blk 355806 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 51585f4dd7e0fa697680a514feb532f33d431d27716b71488aaf30c70c5b14c3 blk 355808 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 87541c2068ab0ff87df638e0bcef43ab9f65e10005790b5d24c02d191009d25b blk 355809 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx e2fdc8dfae635462a4aea8d82a0bec90dabbd233d04c84f59333cec0418d650d blk 355814 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 90e20bd6cceecdcc99ec26d416897a1e958dff49754d3dfca00ad0147236da44 blk 355820 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UO

tx 5ea634de01f18874b00a970c796b2fc242b8607989182a37e91c348b70c4e7e3 blk 355827 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx a9b979f3fe43d09241841815954bfb8b2f7cf29ac27be5ed43e8de1adca69a7c blk 355830 txid 0
Mined by f2poolhaobtc

tx bbeabd1c13220c77963998555c4b863e34bbba6405897225c4f05cb7e6d578eb blk 355831 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 5f7f838dd7586d170e8541e3ac0d3bd95bbe28129a2f8573317799481ac99945 blk 355834 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UO

tx 5c35208bb6ed75d2b7bd38600f89ce8c0e051c451825596188676f937f96f145 blk 355836 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj6+

tx 2a95ce3b75ddbf12f45e7ba4d87b035ea8ec7367ad21dfd6e1a72343c322da90 blk 355838 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 033b64da57ceb1a336da74e9eee8902b5bff6b79cdd7fa0bd57866a13e93e4a3 blk 355841 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx cfc9505333a5e689e7e606bdb4ad20f6e917804795d32ebeaa1157a9c10e8846 blk 355848 txid 0
;Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: Thanks 4 bitcoin Satoshi~Muns UO

tx 40b5386c42b28b5abbbaf3d0529c96eaef687d5fedf2f5ee3764bd487da58a96 blk 355850 txid 0
464;XUUMined by gaoyuebin

tx ecba396f12c1466223ed35e639b8d13ab88fd3cd5046ac4948da39063f63ef7d blk 355852 txid 0
3Mined by AntPool sc0
 MangoLoveBoLuo4ever UO

tx f04a140ade3f124c3badcd344b9536f1f1506aff13b6bf834606b1b9bb3c1cf3 blk 355854 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj5&

tx 640f11f214593c8d67a227ee72c2664e0ee9ae2b29b880eb264c8f85b0edc140 blk 355862 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx 040e21536118c8a81b006923cc053f79927ecb5d09e7142f54ed53cbf70c4ec7 blk 355868 txid 0
Mined by haosen3310363

tx 7b9736e22db2a42331362cc4b0a12a915c87f4082d3b1dd448853312cb706ea0 blk 355870 txid 0
+https://mining.bitcoinaffiliatenetwork.com/

tx a5b4c8fbbcf08a46712e7e43cb81156234dc8d28e9127960318fef9df7b98ed5 blk 355878 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UPA

tx d3894e21acadfc8c5a27cfe9c48d0d2998a06af0c823565a4435fdcbf325d57b blk 355881 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UPG

tx 91338b00396fbf53d520b85b905c46ace39c224a4740181a2d883b444a85470a blk 355893 txid 0
Mined by liugonggong

tx f58f27c396b90fb69bce70d8042c2bc24109f0b59176fbf71bb91532070be967 blk 355902 txid 0
$]Mined by zhenglin2014

tx 5844697034d7b90c813fe97d6279ca39c34f0e7b136555b48c9b3dfc7ac985c8 blk 355908 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 1e2e330010d11d19fd7f35b8ec06c848af6f131bd279f487d95202988492ce16 blk 355909 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx fbec3bf83a363a6c80b56587510f1547593f1cfa526d54c84dcd0a81079f946f blk 355911 txid 0
Mined by sxzfafaaisinila

tx 078cd0f79f6ddac7692474e45c354846f59baf222d5abbf24a1d3ce90432a167 blk 355915 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa09

tx 39652e164cdfbe0dbdab329b3060054da7d998512dd2597148fcca70554e4658 blk 355923 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx fe8ad0d52e96e28c414c69edd327e62457616bc42f88de764387b29e2b73e2a5 blk 355925 txid 0
']uMined by f2poolhaobtc

tx 717c035713e5ec52b01f6c2fbd981449ce4fa953a1a3b2dbb823351b50833a96 blk 355933 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 072c48472c56d715feaaeb4bb5ecc2cd1ce859e8105fecb82271338e2820b300 blk 355935 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 88a999934ed61db794ff54928fb3b9b696a2e770341c002a8aae150b11a4c2f4 blk 355942 txid 0
Mined by dashengbaoer

tx dd2c51ea525e6303ccd1cfc544a7b3c78336ecafa6ec52ab7e646f09fc493550 blk 355944 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx 46752845fee26f6144bb7a9650d07e59ffdb2f5517a2b89b99befee3e9adedd5 blk 355948 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj0

tx 90cb42e184cf69a0ab5e17dc0a8d53bf1b2e80380e765b02b5b74e7ba28501a8 blk 355950 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx c6e3eeeaaa36f176bb33cffab1bd880d26e1634192445ca617687e2e9c06eed0 blk 355953 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2

tx b7bdd3f1008bf2ffb686d64b51819f061b7c0192657bc52d7eaa3232260662ff blk 355955 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 912d39c626558d9468fd85cd348cc1d2eae99bac8126efae6dcf8c57ce433163 blk 355961 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx aab990a3ada26e4ef1558efd2a60e7e0bf40a4cf0bfe2cd1bc737e60d57629b7 blk 355975 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc0

tx 656f4dec9cfd9791a9fd540d97d5d109035b9406d100251af4479e1528ea45ea blk 355979 txid 0
Mined by AntPool sc1+t8: UQ!,

tx 20c95a78055f4bd63f5cd5418f19ff4e0901539b7a5f651e6b6429e54c945996 blk 355984 txid 0
Mined by AntPool usa1%

tx b82bc2c12f11fd8f7948af765b8280f64a7079fe88888bfc2b55dc75d6c988b2 blk 355991 txid 0
Mined by AntPool bj2
